Update CHANGELOG.md for 1.5.4 (#7726)
diasurgical/devilutionX: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## DevilutionX 1.5.4

### Features

#### Multiplayer

- Make invalid items unusable

#### Controls

- Better support for various gamepads
- Gamepad: Improve navigation of the stash
- Improve keymapper options

#### Platforms

- Added support for macOS 10.4 PowerPC
- Added support for Windows XP
- Android: Avoid game lagging on devices that can switch refresh rates
- Correct networking support on big-endian systems
- iOS: High refresh rate support
- Xbox One/Series: Include translations

#### Translations

- Improve rendering of Turkish texts
- Update Italian translation
- Update Russian translation
- Update Ukrainian translation

#### Stability / Performance / System

> - Fix crashes on device hot-plugging

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed crashes on device hot-plugging
```

> - Fixed game crash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix game crash
```

To keep consistent tense

Reviewer: Also, IMO this should be more specific, for example "Fix game crash on startup"

Author: I don't think I can express the exact case in an easily understandable way.

- Hide Upscale option in the Settings menu to avoid stability issues
- Looser validation in Single Player games
- Make file sync services less likely to corrupt saves
- Make it clearer how to switch between Hellfire and Diablo
- Use available screen space in the Settings menu

### Bug Fixes

#### Gameplay

- Fix being able to repair equipped items for free

> - Fix game freezing when using a town portal to Lazarus

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix game freezing when loading Lazarus lair from a save game
```

> - Fixed being able to repair equipped items for free
> - Fixed game freezing when using a town portal to Lazarus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix being able to repair equipped items for free
- Fix game freezing when using a town portal to Lazarus
```

- Unique drops now reset on a new game
- Wake up the whole pack of Gargoyles when disturbed

#### Platforms

> - Android: Fix performance and audio issues on recent versions

Author: ```suggestion
- Android: Fixed performance and audio issues on recent versions
```

- Incorrect menu graphics on DirectFB devices
- PS4/Switch/Vita/Xbox One/Series: Correct controller mapping

#### Multiplayer

- Correct some item validation

> - Fixed items being lost when held in the cursor during lag spikes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix items being lost when held in the cursor during lag spikes
```

### Bug Fixes for Original Diablo Bugs

#### Gameplay

> - Fixed non-solid fences in the caves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix non-solid fences in the caves
```

### Bug Fixes for Original Hellfire Bugs

#### Gameplay

> - Fixed incorrectly solid tile next to crypt stairs down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix incorrectly solid tile next to crypt stairs down
```

#### Multiplayer

> - Fixed runes not being seen as a player spell in PvP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix runes not being seen as a player spell in PvP
```
